
This is the backend software for the web interface to HylaFAX.
Many of the paths are hardcoded and may need to be adjusted if you
put your HylaFAX installation in different places than I did.

The home directory of the web server is coded as 
/home/httpd/html with this software being in a directory off that
called fax/. The html files go in this directory. The compiled cgi
programs will also be installed in that directory.

Also, some configuration files are hardcoded. In faxgate.h there are
two definitions that you will probably want to change. LISTDIR is
where in the path the lists of groups lives. More information on that
is in help.html, located in faxhtml.tar.gz. PSFILEDIR contains the 
PostScript files that you will want to fax. The name of the file is
what shows up in the browser and gets passed downstream, so don't use
spaces or anything else that you wouldn't use for a normal file name.
Underscores are allowed, however.

The method used to obtain the name of the sender is kind of unique 
(I think :-). Say my machine name was dave.faxing.com, my username on
the faxserver was dave, and my name was stored in the gecos field
as "David Weis". The fax.cgi program would check in gecos for a user
called "dave" (the client machine minus the domain). If it exists, the
full name from the passwd file is put into the From: blank. Neat, huh ;-)

Anyway, if you haven't figured out how to assemble this mess, here's 
a rough version.
1. Get HylaFAX 4.0 running perfectly
2. Test HylaFAX
3. Test it some more. It's tough!
4. Un-tar the faxhtml.tar.gz file in your web server's root directory.
5. Un-tar faxcgi.tar.gz in a directory like /usr/src or /home/you
6. Change to the fax directory that was created in # 5.
7. Type "make" and hope it works okay. If you could build HylaFAX
   this little compile should work fine.
8. Edit the webserver's srm.conf to make sure *.cgi files are recognized
   as cgi's. If you edit the file, be sure to restart the web server.
9. Go to a browser and try it out!

If there are any hugely obvious bugs that I've installed, let me know.
Please mail back any neat modifications and I'll put them in my set
and make them available on ftp://glycerine.itsmm.uni.edu/pub/fax/

This package uses the cgic library. More information on it is in the cgic105
directory. The library is Copyright 1996, Thomas Boutell.

The rest of the package is Copyright 1996, 1997, David Weis 

David Weis
weisd3458@uni.edu


