These files generate a small cabin, optionally with a desk that has an
open book on it.

To use these files, you need the following:

1) Perl. A version not less than 3-4 years old....
2) Radiance. Get it. Build it. Add it to your PATH and MANPATH
3) Add this package's bin directory to your path. Add this package's man
   to your MANPATH. The generators all have man pages.

TO TRY OUT THE SAMPLE SCENE

1) Go to the cabin subdirectory.

2) If you want to see some furniture in the scene, download gjward1.tar.Z from
   the Radiance web site (look for "objects to populate your scene"). There are
   two files with "ward" in their name, you want the one that is about 1.3MB
   compressed, not the much larger one.  Download it, extract it, and copy the
   files desk.rad, black_chard.rad, and book.rad into the cabin directory. Then
   uncomment the line in the rif file that looks like this:

   # scene=furniture.rad  

   If you want to try some trees, uncomment the "scene=forest" line in the
   cabin file. It embeds a number of trees using genforest (which in turn
   places trees in a circle).

3) Run rad to take a look!

   $ rad -o x11 fast.rif

   OR to make a picture:

   $ rad hq.rif
   $ ximage *pic

   The two .rif files can be used with either interactive or high quality
   rendering, but of course the fast.rif one is MUCH faster...though not pretty
   at all.

   The pictures will start out looking a little off (bright or dim). BE SURE TO
   ADJUST YOUR EXPOSURE (use e in interactive render, h in ximage). See the man
   pages on ximage and rview.

POTENTIAL PROBLEMS
------------------
I've tested this stuff out pretty well using test accounts, including the
download and build of Radiance, but I could see someone running into one of the
following problems once they start playing around :-)

Q. The cabin generators can't find Gen.pm
A. If the cabin utilities cannot find Gen.pm make sure you have your PATH 
   variable set properly. The utilities use your PATH and the command line you
   typed to figure where the Gen.pm libraries are located. I honestly don't
   think it is possible for them to NOT find them unless you deleted them or
   moved them to a non-standard location (Doh), but the library search was a
   recent add-on to my code base to make installation for others easier, and
   I'm leery of any new feature.

   The assumption of the generators is that Gen.pm will be installed in
   a lib directory which has the same parent as the bin directory in which they
   are installed (which is how the package comes). If you move the gen*
   utilities to a new bin, but don't move the *.pm files to a lib directory
   that has the same parent as that new bin then they will not be able to find
   each other.

Q. Radiance rview(1), rpict(1), or rad(1) say they can't find XXXX (or some
   other file).  
A. Locate the file using UNIX find(1), then add that directory to the RAYPATH
   environment variable in your session.

   RAYPATH=$RAYPATH:/new/path/to/stuff
   export RAYPATH

Q. Adding XYZ to my scene causes problems (slowdowns or errors)
A. With genforest, the overlapping of trees can be worse than the number of
   trees...you could play with genforest to space the trees out more.  If it
   complains about missing files, see the previous question.

   If the oconv utiltiy compains about set overflows, it means you have a lot
   of overlapping (or really close) objects in your scene. Try increasing
   the resolution using the -r option (you can use the line "oconv=-r 8192"
   in a rif file). Use resolutions that are powers of two (4096, 8192, etc).
